Add number platform to ViCare integration (#29822)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/vicare.markdown

## Button

Button entities are available for triggering like a one-time charge of the water heater.

## Number

> Number entities are available for abjusting the heating curve shift & slope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number entities are available for adjusting the heating curve shift and slope.
```
